Updates for PM review. (#35)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-partner.adoc

* Add information about your trading partners along with contact details

> * Add identifiers to uniquely identify them from one another

Reviewer: These list items are complete sentences and should end with periods.

. From within your Anypoint Partner Manager environment, select the Partners from the left-hand navigation.

> . Click the *New Partner* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *New Partner*.
```
Per style reference.

. Add your trading partner's name.

> . Select an Identifier from the *Type* drop-down menu. This uniquely identifies you as a trading partner. For example, depending on your setup, select one of the following: AS2, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or the DUNS number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select an identifier from the *Type* menu. 
  This uniquely identifies you as a trading partner. For example, depending on your setup, select one of the following: AS2, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or the DUNS number.
```
How many times does this doc repeat these identifiers? Evaluate and try to reduce.

> . Click *Create Partner* to create your trading partner. At this point, your trading partner has been created within the Anypoint platform, so you can go to setup message flows related to this partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Create Partner*
  Your trading partner is created within the Anypoint Platform and you can set up message flows to this partner.
```

== Update Trading Partner Profile

> You can also add more details related to this trading partner. You can add the following information for each trading partner from the *Partners* selection in the left-hand navigation:

Reviewer: Replace this with a short description that says that you can add more detail to your trading partner's profile, and tell WHY your audience might want or need to do this.

> . Click the *About* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the left navigation panel, select *Partners*.
. Click *About*.
```

> . Add the following by clicking the *Edit* button under the *About* section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Edit* and provide values for the items shown.
```
I suggest omitting all of the following, which merely documents the UI, which we typically do not want to do. Will the audience not understand how to provide values for these?

If you decide to keep this list, then minimize it:

. Click **Edit** and provide the following information:
   * Description
   * Website
   * Logo
     Upload only JPEG or PNG files that are smaller than 25KB.
   * Corporate address
   * Add[itional?] contacts

** Description - Provide a brief description about your partners business, what kind of trading relationship your organization has with the trading partner, and so on.

** Website - associate your trading partner's website.

** Logo - upload a logo associated to your trading partner. Supported Logo file formats are: JPEG and PNG files. Files need to be smaller than 25KB.

** Corporate address - provide an address that includes the Street, City, State, Postal code, and Country.

** Add contacts - Options are available to add 'business contacts', 'technical contacts' or 'other contacts'. You may add up to 3 contacts associated to a trading partner's profile.

> . Click on the *Save* button after providing all the necessary information. When the trading partner's profile is successfully updated, you receive a confirmation message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Save*.
  You receive a confirmation message.
```

> . Add more identifiers for your Trading partner by clicking the *New* button within the *Identifiers* section. Select an appropriate identifier type and add an identifier value as provided by your trading partner.

Reviewer: Why is there a step after the user saves the profile?
This sounds like it should be a different task.
Note also that this is at least two and maybe three steps rather than one.

> . Click the *Create identifier* button to save your changes. When an identifier is successfully created you receive a confirmation message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Create identifier* to save your changes. 
  You receive a confirmation message.
```

> . To add a certificate, click the *New* button within the 'Certificates' section. This is your partner's digital certificate (such as an X.509 certificate in PKCS12 file format for the AS2 transport protocol).

Reviewer: Another new task?
This set of tasks needs to be introduced at its beginning with text that identifies each of the different phases of this process of configuring a partner. Which tasks/steps are required? Which are additional? When does the user want or need to perform the optional?
Separate different goals into different tasks, and make sure the steps are brief and clear, documenting just one user action in the UI.
If a step is followed by more than one line or two of conceptual (reasons) or reference (lists of things), then you need to reorganize.
A good indicator is also if you have to go to more than two levels of step or list item.

Reviewer: Copyedit only:
```suggestion
. To add a certificate, click *New* in the Certificates section. 
  This is your partner's digital certificate (such as an X.509 certificate in PKCS12 file format for the AS2 transport protocol).
```

> . Upload the digital certificate (typically a .PEM file) provided by your trading partner by clicking the *Upload certificate* button. When a certificate is successfully uploaded you receive a confirmation message.

Reviewer: Copyedits only:
```suggestion
. Upload the digital certificate (typically a .PEM file) provided by your trading partner by clicking *Upload certificate*. 
You receive a confirmation message.
```

> . Configure any global validation settings if you need to override a default value for a particular partner.

Reviewer: Copyedits only:
```suggestion
. Configure global X12 validation settings to override a default value for a particular partner.
```

> 

Reviewer: The remainder of this text about global settings does not belong in the middle of a task topic.
Make a separate concept topic about these settings and cross-refer to it in See Also for this file.

Global X12 setting include:

> * validations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Validations
```

* Control numbers
* Character sets

> Refer to the following options for each here.

Reviewer: omit

=== Validations

> Apply these to your partners.

Reviewer: When? Why?

`Selected`
|===

=== Control Numbers

> Apply  validations related to your partners / your use of control numbers within the X12 message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply validations related to your partners or your use of control numbers within the X12 message.
```

Reviewer: When? Why?

`Not Selected`
|===

=== Character Sets

> Selected character set and encoding options pertaining to your partners and/or your X12 message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select character set and encoding options pertaining to your partners and your X12 messages.
```

Reviewer: When? Why?

* To find a partner, search the Partners list by name, and select the name of the partner

> // Refer to the X12 Settings to change any of the default settings for all X12 received messages.

Reviewer: So does this separate settings topic already exist?

> When you are ready, you can Configure Message Flows.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY omit these transitions at the end of files. The topic set overview and topic presentation order should make clear the chronology.
